---
title: "About Me, an aspiring data scientist"
date: 2019-05-15
tags: [blog]
header:
    image: "/assets/images/my_journey.jpg"
excerpt: "About me and my journey to become a data scientist"
---

## Hi, my name is Andrew and this is a little about me

Art and sports have always been my escape, I grew up drawing, painting, and playing soccer. Some of my earliest memories revolve around staying up late to watch highlights on SportsCenter and visiting museums. I also have a curious nature always asking questions and trying to uncover new insights.

In my professional life I've always been the data and numbers guy, and I truly love digging into data to find new meanings or explanations. While running my family’s small business after my father passed away, I found myself looking for something different and rediscovered my love of art and soccer. 

After the sale of our business I began pursuing a Master of Arts in Art Business from Sotheby's Institute of Art. My turn to the art world was due largely to the Getty Museum in Los Angeles which had become my happy place. While at Sotheby's I began taking class with the computer science department and began working on a Master of Science degree in Information Systems and Technology from Claremont Graduate University. 

Finally, feeling as though I need more hands-on training to become a data scientist, I started at Lambda School in the part time data science program. I hope to take the skills I am learning and work within the art world in a museum or gallery helping bring art to those who are more disadvantaged then myself. 
